OK so we have our action creator that it's doing just a console log.
You know this is not just not real not going to work just like that.
So we need to change all of this.
I'm going to delete this and I'm going to start creating our actual creator.
Now what we're going to do we can do make that network request to our Jason server.
Now just to make sure that the adjacent server is working you can go to integrated terminal and whatever
you started the the Jason server.
So I'm going to have it right here.
This means that it's working.
So I'm going to just go to copy this you're able to resources.
It's going to be cars index.
And as a resource I've added all the data for the DVD.
Jason right here.
So you know it's just going to be a simple database with the car's index and just a list of cars you
know.
We're going to have a brand model your description and whatever I can to give you the images in just
a couple pictures but it's one we just have a deep database.
OK.
So to make sure that it is working.
I'm going to go right here to localhost three thousand four and cars and.
And we should be getting that.
Jason.
Let's get.
So you need to make sure that it is working.
If not you cannot move forward.
Right.
OK.
So what we need to do now which is going to close the terminal and right here we need to make a network
request.
We're going to need the router Uriel of the server.
So in this case it's local host 3 0 0 4.
That's good.
So right here this action creator needs to return an object with a type and a payload.
So I'm going to go right here and we're going to say return the type.
It's going to be whatever keyword you choose.
So in my case this is going to be there for search and cars.
I'm going to say search cars.
The second one is going to be the payload.
And we're going to have a payload and the payload is going to be the whatever the request it's giving
us back.
So it's going to be equal to a request.
You know again we're going to do just in one second.
OK.
Now we need to make the actual request now.
I'm going to cancel right now just for just for now I'm going to create the are L Where are we going
to make this request so I'm going to just do the log just to make sure we get the you are a correctly
and I'm going to use template strengths we need to make a call to this Ural rude.
So it's a dollar sign than curly braces.
And then the the u r l.
This one is going to be inside I believe index cards course index.
So it's going to be four slash cars and decks.
And with the adjacent server we can search things inside the server.
It's going to be going to make a search.
So it's going to be questionmark and then q an equal.
And right here what we do whenever we call this Jason is going to search and trying to match a keyboard
right here.
So we say Ford is going to bring us all the the results with the keyboard for it.
So right here we have our keyboard.
So I'm going to go and put a dollar sign and pass does that as an argument.
So if I just go right here and type forward and click enter.
Of course we get a lot of errors.
But by here we get the actual requests that you are.
So let's get that looks looks nice.
OK.
So I'm going to go right here and comb this and I'm going to create a viable that is going to do the
fetching.
So I'm going to say Konst and request this one is going to be equal to fetch because we're going to
use fettering now in real life.
I use a different thing.
I don't use fetch at all.
I use ASIO's is a library to make network requests just like Ajax like the j create Ajax same idea but
right now we can use Fadge and on the next project and begin to use Axel's.
OK so I'm going to copy the URL right here.
Just copy and just delete everything else and I get the request it's going to be this year I'll.
We need to set the method and the method it's going to be get it's going to be a get request.
So we say method equals to get let's get let's fine.
So now we can begin to trigger this get cars this action creator and this action creator is going to
go to the reducers.
The problem is that we don't have a ballad reducer So we need to create one.
You can create a dummy one so we can we can check if we get the payload.
I'm going to go right here to the reducers and I'm going to create a new file that is going to be cars
cars we douceur reducers you know cars reduce or dodginess Burguet we need to include this cars reduce
or on the combined reducers on the index.
So we're going to do that.
I'm going to say import and then cars from DOD for Slash cars.
Reducers mine is going to be cars.
You can just name it whatever you want.
Right here we make reference to the same old to cars.
OK.
I'm going to go to the cars we do sir.
And I'm going to start just doing a reducer.
You know the same thing we did before going to close us and I'm going to say export default and function.
Open and close just like that.
This function takes two arguments.
The first one is going to be the state and the second one is going to be the action the actual action
we get from the actual creator.
The object with the type and the payload right whenever the application starts the state needs to be
null.
And now what are we going to do.
We going to return the state for now.
But before that we're going to cancel lock whatever we're getting as an action the type and the payload.
So I'm going to say cancel Lague and then action just to make sure that everything is working and that
we are getting the data correctly.
And if you see the console Now we didn't have that error message and what we get.
It's a lot of set up that redux it's doing you know we don't care about this.
So OK I'm going to go to the action going to reload the page get a type it if I click enter it's going
to call this action creator is going to make the request and then it's going to return an object with
a type and a payload.
OK.
The payload is going to be equal to whatever we get from the server.
This one is going to be sent to our region or right here to the reduce or the reducers just going to
cancel log whatever we are getting right here.
Right.
So if I type click enter get we get it right here we get the time which is search cars.
And that is correct and then we just make this bigger and then as a payload we get a promise and we
got a problem right here.
If you don't know what a promise is a promise it's something that it's not the actual data.
We cannot work with a promise that we didn't have our data right here.
For example whenever we do a fetch for example right here we get a promise that first we do the Fadge
and the.
I'm sorry.
We need to start from the beginning.
We call the action creator.
OK.
Then the actual the actual creator is going to call it's going to just trigger this fetch is going to
do a fetch and the fetch is going to go to the adjacent server and then the adjacent servers going to
search and then after the search is going to return the data.
So this is what should be happening right.
This makes sense.
The thing is that whenever we call the action Creator and we triggered this fetch the application it's
not waiting until this one it's done this could take some milliseconds or maybe a second or a lot of
time.
But the application is just going directly after fetch.
After calling this is going directly to send to reducers to reducers just like that.
It's not a waiting until this one it's resolved.
So what do we need to do instead of just going action fetch in center we do sers we need a way to instead
of doing this just wait until it returns and data and then send to reducers and for that we need something
else that it's can it's going to need to resolve that promise is going to to stop the whole application
until we get the data we want.
And that's why we are going to use middleware.
Remember we talked about later worse.
Let me just give you a chart.
The application starts and whatever we make a click we took an action creator.
We get the data sends an object with the type and the payload.
We know this.
The thing is right now we are making a network request.
It is just going and sending the objects not waiting until that promise is resolved.
So we need something right here before sending the object with the type in the payload that is going
to stop the whole application or waits for the server until we get an answer.
We get adjacent data and we get a valid data and whenever whenever we get the data out or maybe data
is going to fail.
But whenever we get a we solved and that promise is resolved then it's going to go and send the type
the object with the type and the payload.
We need something to do that.
OK.
We need a middleman right here.
And that's why we are going to use middleware is there is there is something that is going to be called
redox promise and it's just for this is just to start the whole application.
Wait wait until the promise is resolved and then just go to the reducers we need to do that right now
so we can use the dis reduce products.
This letter went too long.
So let's go to the next Lechter install reduce reduce redux promised and use it.